1. I used “man -k word” where word is the word we are looking 
for. I found this by using “man man” and looking in the man page for man.

2. The cp program is found in /usr/local/cs/bin/cp and the 
wc program is found in /usr/local/cs/bin/wc. I found the locations 
by using the which command.

3. After discovering that the commands are located in 
/usr/bin, I used the command “find /usr/bin -name “?”” to 
find the one character long commands.
[ command evaluates conditional expressions.
w command shows who is logged on and what they are doing.

4. The file actually executed is /etc/alternatives/emacs. 
I found this by going into the /usr/bin folder and using 
“ls -l”. The symbolic link between emacs and the file is clearly shown.

5. By looking in the man page for chmod, I found that g+s 
sets the permission of a user accessing the file to that 
of other users in the file’s group since g stands for 
other users in the file’s group. o-x removes the permission 
to execute the file for other users not in the file’s group 
since o stands for other users not in the file’s group.

6. The option “-mtime -21” lets us search for files that 
have been modified in the last three weeks. I found this 
by looking in the man page for find and finding the mtime option.

7. To find all directories modified in the last three 
weeks, I used “find / -type d -mtime -21” which looks 
for directories modified in the last 21 days in the root directory. 

8. The find program is located in the usr/bin directory. 
I used “ls -l | grep ^l | wc -l” to find the number of 
symbolic links in the same directory. ls -l lists all 
the files while grep ^l finds only the lines starting 
with “l” (denoting a symbolic link). wc -l then counts 
the number of lines, which is the same as the number 
of symbolic links. I found 247 symbolic links.

9. I found the oldest regular file by first listing 
all the files with the time that it was modified in 
front and then finding only the regular files by looking 
for the ones with a line that starts with -. The commands 
I used were “ls -l -t | grep ^-“. Finally I found the 
file at the bottom to be the oldest one, libfreeblpriv3.so.

10. I looked in the man page for locale and found that 
the locale command gets its data as directed by the environment variables.

11. I found the commands in Emacs that have sort in their 
name by using the command “C-h a” as detailed on the cheat sheet. 
Buffer-menu-sort
sort-columns
sort-fields
sort-lines
sort-numeric-fields
sort-pages
sort-paragraphs
sort-regexp-field
tabulated-list-col-sort
tabulated-list-sort

12. I found the commands by first using the command “C-h b” 
to pull up the list of key translations. Then I searched 
for the “C-M-a” command by using the command “C-s” to 
start a search. I entered the help page of each 
command to find out what it does.
C-M-a beginning-of-defun - Move backward to the beginning of a defunct
C-M-b backward-sexp - Move backward across one balanced expression (sexp)
C-M-c exit-recursive-edit - Exit from the innermost recursive edit or minibuffer
C-M-d down-list - Move forward down one level of parentheses
C-M-e end-of-defun - Move forward to next end of defun
C-M-f forward-sexp - Move forward across one balanced expression (sexp)
C-M-h mark-defun - Put mark at end of this defun, point at beginning

13. By using the same method as 12, I found the help 
page for the “C-g” command and discovered that it signals 
a “quit” condition. Also during execution of Lisp code, 
this character causes a quit directly.

14. Using the same method as 12, I found the help page 
for the yank function. Yank reinserts (“pastes”) 
the last stretch of killed text.

15. It appears that the only difference is that dired includes 
the current and parent directory (. and ..) in the list while ls -l does not.